---
title: "2022"
---  

## 5.0.2.0
  - #### 2022/11/15
    - The upgrade framework is compatible with NET 7.0 / Roslyn 4.4.

## 5.0.0.0

  - #### 2022/09/05 - 2022/09/21
    - Separation engine, the project is divided into multi-domain and single-domain, and APIs are merged in a partial class manner.
    - Use `IndexOf` instead of `Contans` method for compatibility.
    - Supports NetStandard 2.0 and CoreApp 3.1, Net5.0, Net6.0 versions.
    - Upgrade `DotNetCore.SourceLink.Environment` dependencies to support netstandard 2.0/1.
    - Upgrade `DotNetCore.Compile.Environment` dependencies to support netstandard 2.0/1.

  - #### 2022/09/30 - 2022/10/15
    - Use Assembly.ReflectionOnlyLoad instead of MetadataLoadContext to solve the problem of read-only metadata in single-domain engines.
    - Optimized the problem of scanning source DLL files during single-domain engine initialization.


## 4.2.0.2

 - ##### 2022/09/02
   - The Using template adds angle bracket filtering.
   - Upgrade `DotNetCore.SourceLink.Environment` dependencies.



## 4.2.0.0

 - ##### 2022/05/26
   - Remove the compilation environment.
   - Warm-up supports 0 references warm-up.
   - Compile the unit to add the reference filtering API.
   - Add global operation class NatashaManagement.


## 4.1.0.0

 - ##### 2022/03/29

   - Modify some operation classes to sealed classes

 - ##### 2022/03/30

   - The AssemblyCSharpBuilder compilation unit adds the SetLogEvent method to set log events externally.
   - The AssemblyCSharpBuilder compilation unit adds the SetAssemblyName method to set the assembly name.
   - The AssemblyCSharpBuilder compilation unit adds the UseNatashaFileOut method to pass in the path to generate a Natasha naming style dll/pdb/xml file.

 - ##### 2022/04/06

   - FIX TYPE REFLECTION BUG.
   - Optimize the implementation of methods in the Using(Type) method call chain.