---
title: "2021"
---

## v3.0.0.0

- ##### 2021/06/25

  - Refactoring engine, adding semantic analysis API, users can write semantic parsing extensions, thanks to the powerful semantic analyzer, we upgraded and refactored the compilation engine.

  - Built-in CS0246/CS0234 Semantic Analysis Processor.

  - Removing CS0104 from the `Natasha.CSharp.Extension.Ambiguity` extension package, we believe that ambiguous references should not become a common problem.

  - Add CS8019 useless using processing, streamline generated code, processed script using for on-demand references, what using scripts are needed to automatically render what using.

  - Changing the delivery domain in the NDelegate operation class to the pass compiler, adding the AddUsing API, although you may never use it.

  - Remove standard2.0 support, change to netcoreapp2.0/2.1/2.2 specific version support.

  - The netcore2.1/2.2 version is open for inversion support for readonly/ ref structures.

  - Release `Natasha.CSharp.Extension.InvisibleInstance` extension package, eliminating reference calls to the first argument of the method in the script, such as: arg. Show can be written directly as Show.

<br/>

## v2.1.0.0

- ##### 2021/05/09

  - Optimize the engine, streamline the compilation process, remove infrequent events.

  - Domain addition `AddReferenceFrom (Type/Type<T>/Assembly)` 3 API to add references.

  - The desynder increases the extension method:

    - GetDevelopName WithoutFlag gets the name of the unmarked type: `System.Collections.Generic.List<>`
    - GetDevelopName gets full type name: `System.Collections.Generic.List<T>`
    - GetRuntimeName gets runtime class name: `List<int>`

  - Add strong name compilation.

  - Standardize file structure and secondary class naming.

 <br/>
